+++
title = "Use the hit counter"
weight = 400
+++

## Add a hit counter to our stack

Okay, our hit counter is ready. Let's use it in our app. Open `cdk_workshop_stack.py` and add
the following highlighted code:

{{<highlight python "hl_lines=7 23-26 30">}}
from aws_cdk import (
    core,
    aws_lambda as _lambda,
    aws_apigateway as apigw,
)

from .hitcounter import HitCounter


class CdkWorkshopStack(core.Stack):

    def __init__(self, scope: core.Construct, id: str, **kwargs) -> None:
        super().__init__(scope, id, **kwargs)

        # Defines an AWS Lambda resource
        my_lambda = _lambda.Function(
            self, 'HelloHandler',
            runtime=_lambda.Runtime.PYTHON_3_7,
            code=_lambda.Code.from_asset('lambda'),
            handler='hello.handler',
        )

        hello_with_counter = HitCounter(
            self, 'HelloHitCounter',
            downstream=my_lambda,
        )

        apigw.LambdaRestApi(
            self, 'Endpoint',
            handler=hello_with_counter.handler,
        )
{{</highlight>}}

Notice that we changed our API Gateway handler to `hello_with_counter.handler`
instead of `my_lambda`. This basically means that whenever our endpoint is hit, API
Gateway will route the request to our hit counter handler, which will log the
hit and relay it over to the `my_lambda` function. Then, the responses will be
relayed back in the reverse order all the way to the user.

## Deploy

```
cdk deploy
```
It might take a little while.

And the output:

```
cdkworkshop.Endpoint8024A810 = https://xxxxxxxxxx.execute-api.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/prod/
```

## Test

Okay, ready to give this a go? (you should, again, see the URL of your API in
the output of the "deploy" command).

Use `curl` or your web browser to hit your endpoint (we use `-i` to show HTTP
response fields and status code):

```
curl -i https://xxxxxxxxxx.execute-api.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/prod/
```

Oh no... seems like something went wrong:

```
HTTP/1.1 502 Bad Gateway
...

{"message": "Internal server error"}
```

Let's see how to find out what happened and fix it.
